GAME OF THRONES
Episode 4
The little lord's
been dreaming again.
- We have visitors.
- I don't want to see anyone.
Really? If I was cooped up
all day with no one
but this old bat for company.
I'd go mad.
Anyway. you don't have a choice.
Robb's waiting.
I don't want to go.
Neither do I.
But Robb's lord of Winterfell.
Which means I do what he says.
and you do what I say.
Hodor!
Help Bran down the hall.
I must say I received a slightly
warmer welcome on my last visit.
Any man of the Night's Watch
is welcome at Winterfell.
Any man of the Night's Watch.
but not I. eh. boy?
I'm not your boy. Lannister.
I'm lord of Winterfell
while my father is away.
Then you might learn
a lord's courtesy.
So it's true.
Hello. Bran.
Do you remember anything
about what happened?
- He has no memory of that day.
- Curious.
Why are you here?
Would your charming companion
be so kind as to kneel?
- My neck is beginning to hurt.
- Kneel. Hodor.
- Do you like to ride. Bran?
- Yes. I mean. I did like to.
The boy has lost
the use of his legs.
What of it? With the right horse
and saddle. even a cripple can ride.
- I'm not a cripple.
- Then I'm not a dwarf.
My father will rejoice to hear it.
I have a gift for you.
Give this to your saddler.
He'll provide the rest.
You must shape the horse
to the rider.
Begin with a yearling and teach it
to respond to the reins
and to the boy's voice.
- Will I really be able to ride?
- You will.
On horseback you will be
as tall as any of them.
Is this some kind of trick?
Why do you want to help him?
I have a tender spot in my heart
for cripples and bastards
and broken things.
You've done my brother
a kindness.
The hospitality of Winterfell
is yours.
Spare me your false courtesies.
Lord Stark.
There's a brothel outside your
walls. I'll find a bed there
and both of us
will sleep easier.
Can't resist some Northern ass?
If you like redheads.
ask for Ros.
Come to see me off. Greyjoy?
Kind of you.
Your master doesn't seem
to like Lannisters.
- He's not my master.
- No. of course not.
What happened here?
Where is Lady Stark?
- Why didn't she receive me?
- She wasn't feeling well.
She's not in Winterfell.
is she? Where did she go?
- My lady's whereabouts...
- My lady?
Your loyalty to your
captors is touching.
Tell me. how do you think
Balon Greyjoy would feel
if he could see that his only
son has turned lackey?
I remember seeing my father's
fleet burn in Lannisport.
I believe your uncles
were responsible?
Must have been
a pretty sight.
Nothing prettier than watching
sailors burn alive.
Yes. a great victory for your people.
Shame how it all turned out.
- We were outnumbered ten to one.
- A stupid rebellion. then.
I suppose you father realized that
when your brothers died in battle.
And now here you are.
your enemies' squire.
- Careful. Imp.
- I've offended you. Forgive me.
It's been a rough morning.
Anyway. don't despair.
I'm a constant disappointment
to my own father and I've learned
to live with it.
Your next tumble with Ros is on me.
I'll try not to wear her out.
Left foot forward. Good. Now pivot
as you deliver the stroke.
Put all your weight
behind it.
What in seven hells
is that?
They'll need an eighth hell
to fit him in.
Tell them your name.
Samwell Tarly. of Horn Hill...
I mean I was of Horn Hill. I...
- I've come to take the black.
- Come to take the black pudding.
Well. you couldn't be any worse
than you look.
Rast. see what he can do.
I yield! Please. no more...
On your feet.
Pick up your sword!
Hit him
'til he finds his feet.
It seems they've run short
of poachers and thieves down south.
Now they send us
squealing bloody pigs.
Again. Harder.
- I yield...
- Enough! He yielded.
Looks like the bastard's
in love.
All right then. Lord Snow.
you wish to defend your lady love.
let's make an exercise of it.
You two!
Three of you ought to be sufficient
to make Lady Piggy squeal.
All you need to do
is get past the bastard.
- You sure you want to do this?
- No.
Yield...
I yield!
We're done for today.
Go clean the armory.
That's all you're good for.
- Well fought!
- Piss off.
- Did he hurt you?
- I've had worse.
You can call me Sam.
If you want.
- My mother calls me Sam.
- It's not going to get any easier.
You're going to have
to defend yourself.
Why didn't you get up
and fight?
I wanted to...
I just couldn't.
Why not?
I'm a coward.
- My father always says so.
- The Wall's no place for cowards.
You're right. I'm sorry. I...
I just wanted to thank you.
A bloody coward.
People saw us talking to him.
Now. they'll think we're cowards too.
- You're too stupid to be a coward.
- You're too stupid to be...
Quick now.
before summer's over.
Vaes Dothrak.
The city of the horselords.
A pile of mud.
Mud and shit and twigs.
Best these savages can do.
These are my people now.
You shouldn't call them savages.
I'll call them what I like.
Because they're my people.
This is my army. Drogo is marching
the wrong way with my army.
If my brother was given
an army of Dothraki
could they conquer
the Seven Kingdoms?
The Dothraki have never crossed
the Narrow Sea.
They fear any water
their horses can't drink.
But if they did...
King Robert is fool enough
to meet them in open battle...
but the men advising him
are different.
And you know these men?
I fought beside them once.
long ago.
Now Ned Stark wants my head.
He drove me from my land.
You sold slaves.
Aye.
Why?
I had no money
and an expensive wife.
- Where is she now?
- In another place. With another man.
- Your grace...
- Yes. my dear.
- They call you the Last Dragon.
- They do.
You have
dragon's blood in your veins?
It's entirely possible.
What happened
to the dragons?
I was told that brave men
killed them all.
The brave men didn't kill dragons.
The brave men rode them.
Rode them from Valyria to build
the greatest civilization
this world has ever seen.
The breath of their greatest
dragon forged the Iron Throne
that the Usurper
is keeping warm for me.
The swords of the vanquished.
a thousand of them...
Melted together
like so many candles.
I've always wanted
to see a dragon.
There is nothing in the world
I'd rather see.
- Really. Why dragons?
- They can fly.
Wherever they are. a few flaps
of their wings
and they're somewhere else.
far away.
And they can kill.
Anyone or anything that tries
to hurt them
gets burned away to nothing.
Like so many candles.
Seeing a dragon would make me
very happy.
After fifteen years
in the pleasure house.
I suppose just seeing the sky
makes you happy.
I was not locked in.
I have seen things.
What have you seen?
I've seen a man from Asshai
with a dagger of real dragonglass.
And a man who could
change his face
the way other men
change their clothes.
I've seen a pirate who wore
his weight in gold.
whose ship had sails
of colored silk.
- So... have you seen one?
- A pirate ship?
A dragon!
No. The last one died long
before I was born.
I'll tell you what I have seen:
their skulls.
They used to decorate the Throne Room
in the Red Keep.
When I was very young. three or four.
my father used to walk me
down the rows.
and I'd recite the names for him.
When I got them all right.
he'd give me a sweet.
The ones by the door were the last
ones they'd been able to hatch.
They were stunted and wrong.
no bigger than dog skulls.
But as you got closer
to the Iron Throne.
they got bigger
and bigger and bigger.
There was Ghiscar.
and Valryon.
Vermithrax. Essovius. Archonei...
Meraxes...
Vhagar.
And Balerion the Dread.
Whose fire forged
the seven kingdoms into one.
What happened
to the skulls?
I don't know. The Usurper had them
all smashed to powder. I expect.
Scattered to the winds.
- That's very sad.
- It is.
Why did I buy you?
To make me sad?
No. your grace.
To teach your sister.
To teach my sister how to be
a better lover?
You think I bought you
to make Khal Drogo happy?
You pretty little idiot.
Go ahead. Get on with it.
Someday your husband will sit there
and you will sit by his side.
And one day. before too long. you will
present your son to the court.
All the lords of Westeros will gather
here to see the little prince.
What if I have a girl?
Gods be good. you'll have
boys and girls and plenty of them.
- But what if I only have girls?
- I wouldn't worry about that.
Jeyne Poole's mother had five
children. all of them girls.
- Yes. but it's highly unlikely.
- But what if?
Well. if you only had girls.
I suppose the throne would pass
to Prince Joffrey's
little brother.
- And everyone would hate me.
- Nobody could ever hate you.
- Joffrey does.
- Nonsense.
Why would you say such a thing?
That business with the wolves?
Sansa. I've told you a hundred times.
- A direwolf is...
- Please shut up about it.
Do you remember your lessons?
- Who built the Iron Throne?
- Aegon the Conqueror.
- And who built the Red Keep?
- Maegor the Cruel.
And how many years
did it take to...
My grandfather and uncle were
murdered here. weren't they?
They were killed on the orders
of King Aerys. yes.
- The Mad King.
- Commonly known as the Mad King.
Why were they killed?
You should be speak to your father
about these matters.
I don't want to speak
to my father. Ever.
Sansa. You will find it in your heart
to forgive your father.
No I won't.
It's the Hand's tournament
that's causing all this trouble.
The King's tournament.
I assure you.
the Hand wants no part of it.
Call it what you will. Lord Stark.
The city's packed with people
and more flooding in
every day.
Last night we had a tavern riot.
a brothel fire. three stabbings
and a drunken horse race
down the Street of Sisters.
Dreadful.
If you can't keep the king's peace.
perhaps the City Watch
should be commanded
by someone who can.
- I need more men.
- You'll get fifty.
- Lord Baelish will see it paid for.
- I will?
You found money
for a champion's purse.
you can find money to keep the peace.
I'll also give you twenty men
from my household guard.
until the crowds have left.
Thank you. my lord Hand. ser.
They'll be put to good use.
The sooner this is over.
the better.
The realm prospers from such
events. my lord.
They bring the great a chance
at glory. and the lowly
a respite from their woes.
And every inn in the city is full. and
the whores are walking bow-legged.
I'm sure the tourney
puts coins in many a pocket.
Now... If there's nothing else.
my lords...
Oh. this heat.
On days like this.
I envy you northerners
for your summer snows.
Until tomorrow my lord...
I've been hoping to talk
with you about Jon Arryn.
Lord Arryn? His death was
a great sadness for all of us.
I took personal charge of his care.
but I could not save him.
His sickness struck him
very hard and very fast.
I had just seen him in my chambers
the night before he passed.
Lord Jon often came to me
for counsel.
Why?
I've been Grand Maester
for many years.
Kings and Hands have come
to me for advice since...
What did Jon want?
The night before he died.
- He inquired about a book.
- A book? What book?
I fear you would find it
of little interest.
It's a ponderous tome...
I'd like to read it.
The Lineages and Histories of the
Great Houses of the Seven Kingdoms.
With Descriptions of Many
High Lords and Noble Ladies
and Their Children.
Harkon Umber. first of his name.
born to Lord Hother Umber
and Lady Amaryllis Umber in the
183rd year after Aegon's Landing
at the Last Hearth.
Blue of eye. brown of hair
and fair complected.
died in his 14th year of wounds
sustained in a bear hunt.
As I said. my lord.
a ponderous read.
Did Jon Arryn tell you
what he wanted with it?
He did not. my lord.
And I did not presume to ask.
- Jon's death...
- Such a tragedy.
Did he say anything to you
during his final hours?
Nothing of import. my lord.
Well. there was one phrase
he kept repeating.
The seed is strong.
I believe it was.
The seed is strong?
What does that mean?
The dying mind is a demented mind.
Lord Stark.
For all the weight they're given.
last words usually have
as much significance
as first words.
And you're quite certain
he died of a natural illness?
What else could it be?
Poison.
A disturbing thought.
No. I don't think it likely.
The Hand was loved by all.
What sort of man
would dare...
I've heard it said that poison
is a woman's weapon.
Yes. women. cravens...
and eunuchs.
Did you know
that Lord Varys is a eunuch?
- Everybody knows that.
- Yes. yes. of course.
How that sort of person
found himself on the king's council.
I'll never know.
- I've taken enough of your time.
- No trouble at all. my lord.
- It is a great honor...
- Thank you.
I'll find my own way out.
Syrio says a water dancer
can stand on one toe for hours.
It's a hard fall down
these steps.
Syrio says every hurt is a lesson
and every lesson makes you better.
Tomorrow I'm going
to chase cats.
Cats? Syrio says...
He says every swordsman
should study cats.
They're quiet as shadows
and light as feathers.
You have to be
quick to catch them.
Well. he's right
about that.
Now that Bran's awake.
will he come live with us?
He needs to get
his strength back first.
He wants to be a knight
of the King's Guard.
He can't be one now.
can he?
No... But someday he may be
the lord of a holdfast
or sit on the king's council.
Or he might raise castles
like Brandon the Builder.
Can I be lord of a holdfast?
You will marry a high lord
and rule his castle.
and your sons will be knights
and princes and lords.
No.
That's not me.
Hello.
Ser Alliser said I'm to be
your new watch partner.
I should warn you.
I don't see all that well.
Come stand by the fire.
It's warmer.
- No. that's all right. I'm fine.
- You're not. you're freezing.
I don't like high places.
You can't fight. You can't see.
You're afraid of heights.
and animals. and everything else.
What are you doing here. Sam?
On the morning of my 18th nameday.
my father came to me.
You're almost a man now.
he said.
but you're not worthy
of my land and title.
Tomorrow. you're going
to take the black.
forsake all claim to your
inheritance and start north.
If you do not. he said.
then we'll have a hunt.
And somewhere in these woods
your horse will stumble.
and you'll be thrown from
your saddle to die...
or so I'll tell your mother.
Nothing would please me more.
Lord Alliser is going to make me
fight again tomorrow. isn't he?
Yes. He is.
I'm not going to get
any better. you know.
Well...
you can't get any worse.
I hear you're reading
a boring book.
- Pycelle talks too much.
- Oh. he never stops.
Do you know
Ser Hugh of the Vale?
Not surprising. Until recently.
he was only a squire.
Jon Arryn's squire.
He was knighted almost immediately
after his master's untimely death.
Knighted for what?
- Why are you telling me this?
- I promised Cat I'd help you.
Where is Ser Hugh?
I'll speak to him.
A singularly bad idea.
Do you see that boy?
One of Varys's little birds.
The Spider has taken a great interest
in your comings and goings.
Now look there.
That one belongs to the Queen.
And do you that one pretending
to read her book?
- Varys or the Queen?
- No. she's one of mine.
Is there someone in your service
that you trust completely?
Yes.
The wiser answer was no.
my lord.
Get a message to this paragon
of yours discreetly.
send him to question
Ser Hugh. After that.
you might want him to visit
a certain armorer in the city.
He lives in a large house at the
top of the Street of Steel.
- Why?
- I have my observers.
And it's possible they saw
Lord Arryn visit this armorer
several times
in the weeks before his death.
Lord Baelish. Perhaps I was wrong
to distrust you.
Distrusting me was the wisest
thing you've done
since you climbed off
your horse.
Ser Hugh...
- Ser Hugh?
- As you can see. I'm busy.
I'm here on behalf
of Lord Eddard Stark.
the Hand of the King.
I'm the captain of his guard.
I didn't catch
your name. Ser...
No Ser...
I'm not a knight.
I see. Well.
it so happens that I am.
He said he'd be glad to talk
to the Hand himself.
He's a knight. you see.
Ah. a knight. They strut around
like roosters down here.
Even the ones who've never seen
an arrow coming their way.
You shouldn't be out here.
my lord.
There no saying
who has eyes where.
Let them look.
The former Hand did call on me.
my lord. several times.
But he did not honor me
with his patronage.
- What did Lord Arryn want?
- He always came to see the boy.
- I'd like to see him as well.
- As you wish. my lord.
Gendry!
Here he is. Strong for his age.
Works hard.
Show the Hand
the helmet you made. lad.
- This is fine work.
- It's not for sale.
Boy. this is the King's Hand!
If his lordship wants the helm...
I made it for me.
- Forgive him. my lord.
- There's nothing to forgive.
When Lord Arryn came to visit you.
what would you talk about?
He asked me questions
is all. m'lord.
What kind of questions?
About my work at first.
how I was treated.
if I liked it here...
Then he started asking
about my mother.
Your mother?
Who she was.
what she looked like.
And what did you tell him?
She died when I was little.
She had yellow hair...
Sometimes she'd sing to me...
Look at me.
Go back to work. lad.
If the day ever comes when that boy
would rather wield a sword
than forge one.
send him to me.
Find anything?
King Robert's bastard son.
A message for the king
from Lord Stark.
Should I leave it with...
Listen.
Do you hear them?
How many do you think are
in there with him?
- Guess.
- Three. Four.
He likes to do this
when I'm on duty.
Makes me listen as he insults
my sister.
- Forgive me. my lord...
- Why? Have you wronged me?
- We've met before. you know.
- Have we? Strange I've forgotten.
At the Siege of Pyke. We fought side
by side one afternoon.
- Is that where you got your scar?
- Aye.
One of the Greyjoys
nearly took my eye.
- Ornery sons of whores.
- They like their bloodshed.
They stopped liking it by the end.
That was a proper battle.
You remember Thoros of Myr
charging through the breach?
With his burning sword?
I'll remember that til the day I die.
I saw the youngest Greyjoy lad
at Winterfell.
It's like seeing a shark
on a mountain top.
- Theon? He's a good lad.
- I doubt it.
I bet you smell
like blackberry jam!
Let me smell it! Come here!
Could I leave this with you?
A message from Lord Stark.
I don't serve Lord Stark.
- Where have you been?
- Watch duty. With Sam.
Ah. Prince Porkchop!
Where is he?
- He wasn't hungry.
- Impossible.
That's enough.
Sam's no different
from the rest of us.
There was no place for him
in the world. so he's come here.
We're not going to hurt him
in the training yard anymore.
Never again.
No matter what Thorne says.
He's our brother now
and we're going to protect him.
You are in love. Lord Snow.
You girls do as you please.
but if Thorne sends me
against Lady Piggy. I'm gonna
slice me off a side of bacon.
No one touches Sam.
What are you waiting for?
Attack him!
You! Get in there.
Hit me.
Go on. hit me!
I yield!
You think this is funny?
When you're out there beyond the Wall
and the sun is going down.
do you want a man at your back?
Or a sniveling boy?
You send this whore
to give me commands?
I should have sent you
back her head!
Forgive me. khaleesi.
I did as you asked...
Hush now. it's all right.
Irri. take her and leave us.
Yes. khaleesi.
Why did you hit her?!
How many times
do I have to tell you?
- You do not command me.
- I wasn't commanding you!
I just wanted to invite you
to supper.
- What's this?
- It's a gift.
I had it made for you.
Dothraki rags. Are you
going to dress me now?
- Please...
- This stinks of manure. All of it.
Stop! Stop it!
You'd turn me into one
of them. wouldn't you?
Next you'll want
to braid my hair.
You have no right to a braid.
You've won no victories yet.
You don't talk back to me!
You're a horselord's slut
and now you've woken the dragon.
I am a khaleesi of the Dothraki.
I am the wife of the Great Khal
and I carry his son inside me.
The next time you raise
a hand to me
will be the last time
you have hands.
I know for a fact some of the officers
go to that brothel in Mole's Town.
I wouldn't doubt it.
You don't think it's a little unfair?
Making us take our vows
while they sneak off
for a little Sally on the side?
- Sally on the side?
- It's silly. isn't it?
We can't defend the Wall
unless we're celibate?
It's absurd.
I didn't think you'd be
so upset about it.
- Why not? Because I'm fat?
- No.
I like girls
just as much as you do.
They might not like me as much.
I've never been with one.
- You've probably had hundreds.
- No.
As a matter of fact.
I'm the same as you.
I find that hard to believe.
I came very close once.
I was alone in a room
with a naked girl. but...
- You didn't know where to put it?
- I know where to put it.
Was she old and ugly?
Young and gorgeous.
A whore named Ros.
- What color hair?
- Red.
I like red hair.
And her...
her...
You don't want to know.
- That good?
- Better.
Why exactly did you not make love
to Ros with the perfect...
- What's my name?
- Jon Snow.
And why is my surname Snow?
Because... you're
a bastard from the North.
I never met my mother. My father
won't even tell me her name.
I don't know
if she's living or dead.
I don't know if she's a noblewoman
or a fisherman's wife.
Or a whore.
So I sat there in the brothel.
as Ros took off her clothes.
But I couldn't do it.
Because all I coud think was.
what if I get her pregnant?
And she has a child.
another bastard named Snow.
It's not a good life
for a child.
So you didn't know
where to put it.
Enjoying yourselves?
You look cold.
It is a bit nippy.
Yes. by the fire.
indoors. it's still summer.
Do you boys even remember
the last winter?
How long has it been now.
ten years?
I remember.
Was it uncomfortable. at Winterfell?
Were there days
when you couldn't get warm. no matter
how many fires the servants built?
- I build my own fires.
- That's admirable.
I spent six months out there.
beyond the Wall
during the last winter.
Supposed to be a two-week mission.
We heard a rumor Mance Rayder
was planning
to attack Eastwatch.
So we went looking for some
of his men.
Catch them.
gather some knowledge.
The wildlings who fight
for Mance Rayder are hard men.
Harder than you'll ever be.
They know their country
better than we do.
They knew about the storm coming in.
so they hid in their caves
and waited for it to pass.
We got caught in the open.
Wind so strong it yanked hundred-foot
trees from the ground. roots and all.
You took off your gloves to find
your cock for a piss.
ended up losing a finger
to the frost.
All this in darkness.
You don't know cold.
Neither of you.
The horses died first.
We didn't have enough to feed
them. to keep them warm.
The horses were easy to eat.
But later. when we started
to fall... that wasn't easy.
Shame we didn't have any boys
like you along.
Soft. fat boys like you.
We could have lasted a fortnight
on you and still had bones
left over for soup.
Soon we'll have new recruits.
And you lot will be passed along
to the Lord Commander
for assignment.
They'll call you men
of the Night's Watch.
but you'll be fools
to believe it.
You're boys still. and when the winter
comes you'll die...
like flies.
I hit him.
I hit the dragon.
Your brother Rhaegar
was the last dragon.
Viserys is less
than the shadow of a snake.
- He is still the true king.
- The truth now.
Do you want to see your brother
sitting on the Iron Throne?
No.
But the common people
are waiting for him.
Illyrio said they were
sewing dragon banners
and praying for his return.
The common people pray for rain.
health and a summer that never ends.
They don't care what games
the high lords play.
What do you pray for.
Ser Jorah?
Home.
I pray for home. too.
My brother will never take back
the Seven Kingdoms.
He couldn't lead an army even if
my husband gave him one.
He'll never take us home.
- A lover's quarrel?
- I'm sorry? Do I...
Sansa. dear.
this is Lord Baelish. He's...
An old friend of the family.
I've known your mother
a long. long time.
Why do they call you
Littlefinger?
- Don't be rude.
- No. it's quite all right.
I was small as a child.
And I come from a little spit
of land called the Fingers.
So you see. it's an exceedingly
clever nickname.
I've been sitting here
for days.
Start the damned joust
before I piss myself.
Gods. who is that?
Ser Gregor Clegane.
They call him the Mountain.
- The Hound's older brother.
- And his opponent?
Ser Hugh of the Vale.
He was Jon Arryn's squire.
Look how far he's come.
Yes. enough of the bloody pomp.
Have at it!
Not what
you were expecting?
Has anyone told you the story
of the Mountain and the Hound?
Lovely little tale
of brotherly love.
The Hound was just a pup.
six years old. maybe.
Gregor a few years older.
already a big lad.
already getting a bit
of a reputation.
Some lucky boys are born
with a talent for violence.
One evening Gregor found
his little brother
playing with a toy by the fire.
Gregor's toy. a wooden knight.
Gregor didn't say a word.
just grabbed his brother
by the scruff of his neck and shoved
his face into the burning coals.
Held him there while the boy
screamed. while his face melted.
Very few people
know that story.
I won't tell anyone.
I promise.
Please don't. If the Hound
ever heard you mention it.
I'm afraid all the knights
in King's Landing
wouldn't be able to save you.
My lord:
Her grace. the Queen.
Your grace.
You're missing
your tournament.
Putting my name on it doesn't
make it mine.
I thought we might put what happened
on the Kingsroad behind us.
The ugliness with the wolves.
Forcing you to kill the beast
was extreme.
Sometimes we go to extremes
where our children are concerned.
- How is Sansa?
- She likes it here.
She's the only Stark
who does.
She favors her mother. There's
not much of the north in her.
- Why are you here?
- I could ask the same of you.
What do you hope
to accomplish?
The king called on me to serve him.
and the realm.
And that's what I'll do
until he tells me otherwise.
You can't help him.
You can't change him.
He'll do what he wants.
which is all he's ever done.
and you'll try your best
to pick up the pieces.
If that's my job.
then so be it.
You're just a soldier. aren't you?
You take your orders and you carry on.
I suppose it makes sense.
Your older brother was trained
to lead. You were trained to follow.
I was also trained to kill
my enemies. your grace.
As was I.
Seven blessings to you.
goodfolk!
And to you.
Boy! Bread. meat and beer.
Quickly.
Good thinking. grandfather.
I'm starving.
A song while we wait?
I'd sooner
throw myself down a well.
Grandfather. this may be
your last chance.
if you're heading North. The only
music those northerners know
is the howling of wolves!
I'm sorry m'lord. we're full up.
Every room...
My men will sleep in the stable.
As for myself
I don't require a large room.
Truly. m'lord.
we have nothing.
Is there nothing I can do
to remedy this?
- You can have my room.
- Now there's a clever man!
You can manage food. I trust?
- Yoren. dine with me.
- Aye. m'lord.
My lord of Lannister! Might I
entertain you while you eat?
I can sing of your father's
victory at King's Landing!
Nothing would be more likely
to ruin my supper.
Lady Stark.
what an unexpected pleasure.
I was sorry to miss you
at Winterfell.
Lady Stark?
I was still Catelyn Tully
the last time I stayed here.
You. sir... Is that the black bat
of Harrenhal
I see embroidered
on your coat?
It is. my lady.
And is Lady Whent a true and honest
friend to my father.
Lord Hoster Tully
of Riverrun?
She is.
The red stallion was always
a welcome sight in Riverrun.
My father counts Jonas Bracken
among his oldest
and most loyal bannermen.
Our lord is honored
by his trust.
I envy your father for all
his fine friends. Lady Stark.
but I don't quite see
the purpose of this.
I know your sigil as well:
the twin towers of Frey.
How fares your lord. sers?
Lord Walder is well. my lady.
He has asked your father to honor him
with his presence on his 90th nameday.
He plans to take another wife.
This man came into my house
as a guest. and there conspired
to murder my son.
a boy of ten.
In the name of King Robert
and the good lords you serve.
I call upon you to seize him
and help me return him to Winterfell
to await the king's justice.